chapter/compute: Restructure repo according to updated methodology (#74)
cs-pub-ro/operating-systems: chapters/compute/threads/guides/sum-array/README.md

# Sum array

## Spreading the Work Among Other Threads

Compile the code in `sum-array/support/c/sum_array_threads.c` and run it using 1, 2, 4 and 8 threads as you did before.

> Each thread runs the `calculateArrayPartSum` function and then finishes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each thread runs the `calculate_array_part_sum()` function and then finishes.
```
